[terra-clinical-data-grid]Highlight a column within the Terra Data Grid (#796)
cerner/terra-clinical: packages/terra-clinical-data-grid/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

* Added

>   * Added new prop to apply column highlighting style intended for timelines

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added new prop `columnHighlightId` to highlight the column with style intended for timelines application
```

Author: [Changed](https://github.com/cerner/terra-clinical/pull/796/commits/d61cc802366b240b410fd07f004d522d32624e81#diff-620a913a25bb7b936559a229e6265d4690812a154b1c23d3479918015309c39dR6) to Neil's suggestion, as it makes more clear
